Movie: Interstellar
Date Released: 2014
Director: Christopher Nolan
Actors: Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain
Rating: PG-13
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Sci-Fi
Poster URL: Posters/interstellar.jpg
Price: 2.99
Description: In Earth's future, a global crop blight and second Dust Bowl are slowly rendering the planet uninhabitable. Professor Brand (Michael Caine), a brilliant NASA physicist, is working on plans to save mankind by transporting Earth's population to a new home via a wormhole. But first, Brand must send former NASA pilot Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) and a team of researchers through the wormhole and across the galaxy to find out which of three planets could be mankind's new home.

Movie: IT
Date Released: 2017
Director: Andres Muschietti
Actors: Bill Skarsgard, Jaeden Lieberher, Finn Wolfhard
Rating: R
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Poster URL: Posters/it.jpg
Price: 3.99
Description: Seven young outcasts in Derry, Maine, are about to face their worst nightmare -- an ancient, shape-shifting evil that emerges from the sewer every 27 years to prey on the town's children. Banding together over the course of one horrifying summer, the friends must overcome their own personal fears to battle the murderous, bloodthirsty clown known as Pennywise.

Movie: Baby Driver
Date Released: 2017
Director: Edgar Wright
Actors: Ansel Elgort, Jon Bernthal, Jon Hamm
Rating: R
Genre: Action, Crime, Music
Poster URL: Posters/baby driver.jpg
Price: 3.99
Description: Talented getaway driver Baby (Ansel Elgort) relies on the beat of his personal soundtrack to be the best in the game. After meeting the woman (Lily James) of his dreams, he sees a chance to ditch his shady lifestyle and make a clean break. Coerced into working for a crime boss (Kevin Spacey), Baby must face the music as a doomed heist threatens his life, love and freedom.

Movie: RoboCop
Date Released: 2014
Director: Jose Padilha
Actors: Joshua Zetumer, Edward Neumeier
Rating: PG-13
Genre: Action, Crime, Sci-Fi
Poster URL: Posters/robocop.jpg
Price: 2.49
Description: In 2028, OmniCorp is at the center of robot technology. While its drones have long been used by the military overseas, their use is forbidden in American law enforcement. However, OmniCorp gets a golden opportunity to crack that market when Detroit cop Alex Murphy (Joel Kinnaman) is critically injured in the line of duty. By transforming Murphy into a cyborg, OmniCorp executives hope to rake in billions for their shareholders, but they forget one thing: There's still a man inside the machine.